---
layout: post
title: "Fall Semester 2022: Middle School Webcam League"
cover: /assets/images/2022-10-07/poster.jpg
---

### Welcome back to the Fall Semester

* **Format:** Middle School, using Eternal Central’s deck construction and play rules
  (i.e. mana burn, damage on the stack, etc). Rules can be found on the Lords of the Pit
  website: https://lordsofthepit.com/formats#middle-school-rules
* **Location:** Webcams! Players can use GChat, Zoom, Discord, Whereby, or whatever
  service they like to play their matches. If you have questions about playing paper
  Magic over webcams, please contact Stu for basic tips, or do some Googling.
  All coordination will be done in the Romancing the Stones
  [Discord](https://discord.gg/a9uKSEP5ya), in the #fall-semester channel.
* **Proxy Limit:** 100% proxy. Please make your proxies clear so opponents can easily
  identify them over webcam.
* **Entry:** RSVP to romancingthestonesmtg@gmail.com. When you RSVP, please include both
  your real name and Discord handle in the body of the email so we know who the hell
  y’all are. In addition, we encourage a donation to the Central Texas Food Bank.
* **Decklists:** Send a decklist to romancingthestonesmtg@gmail.com prior to your first
  match (the week of Oct 10). At the end of the league, we’ll ask for crispy deck photos
  to share on the site.
* **Structure:** Our usual - swiss rounds, with a cut to Top 8. Players will have 1 week
  to coordinate and play each match.
* **Signups:** Registration ends Friday, October 7th. Round 1 will begin Monday, October 10th.
* **Prizes:** RtS-stamped cards for Top8 and Invitational Spot for 1st place
